https://codepen.io/KassiaSakora/pen/povxwGq

1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    Semantic = Meaningful

2. What is HTML used for?
    HTML is a series of tags that affects web page content

3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    Attributes modify HTML elements. They go inside the brackets with their respective tags.

4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    H1 is the biggest header tag to make text bold. It should only be used once.

5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    Anchor tags and image tags

6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    The head holds metadata that is not seen by the person browsing the web page

7. What is an id? 
    Specifies a unique attribute for HTML elements

8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    id can be used on any element

9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    Each id should only be used once.

10. What is a class? 
    A class can be used to further modify an HTML element

11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    Can be used on any element

12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    Multiple times

13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    Add target="_blank" to the <a> tag

14. What is the alt attribute used for? 
    Specifies alternate text if the image cannot be displayed

15. How do I reference an id?
    Add the id attribute and name in the tag of the element

16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    Section is used to group text together that relates to itself. Div just divides up text.

17. What is CSS used for? 
    Tells the browser how to display the HTML. Further styling.

18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    element {
  css declarations;
    }

19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    An ID can only be used once, class can be used multiple times. An example would be if you need one header styled
    a certain way you would use #id. When you have multiple paragraphs that need styled the same, you would use .class.

20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    .class {
        css declarations;
    }

21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    <p class="human">
22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    When tags are nested inside each other, the outer tag is the parent, the inner tag is the child.
    This is useful if you don't want the inner tag to have the same attributes as the outer tag.

23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    .sidebar a{}

24. What is a pseudo selector?
    Used to define a special state of an element

25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    line-height

26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter-spacing

27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    text-transform: uppercase; text-transform: capitalize; text-transform: lowercase;

28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    <div class="class">
    class {
        border: 1px dotted black;
    }

29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    Universal selector *

30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /*comment*/
31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    pwd

32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls

33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    rm filename. This cannot be reversed and there is no "are you sure" prompt.

34. Why should I use version control? 
    Records changes to files overtime, so you can see what has been added and removed.

35. How often should I commit to github?
    Fairly often. This helps to keep your changes in small groups.

36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push origin your-branch-name

37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    fork > add TL as collab > clone > branch > add > commit > push

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?

    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
        It is positioned relative to the nearest ancestor. If no ancestor, it uses the body of the document.

    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model?